CI iOS build support (#1269)
spatialos/gdk-for-unity: CHANGELOG.md

- `init.sh` and `init.ps1` now support the `--china` and `-china` flag respectively to download from the `cn-production` environment. [#1261](https://github.com/spatialos/gdk-for-unity/pull/1261)
- Simplified code generation for Command classes and relevant interfaces. [#1263](https://github.com/spatialos/gdk-for-unity/pull/1263)
- Added `--force` flag to the CodeGenerator project to skip the dirty checks and re-generate everything. [#1263](https://github.com/spatialos/gdk-for-unity/pull/1263)

> - Added `targetiOSSdk` commandline argument for CI builds to select `device` or `simulator` targets when building iOS. [#1269](https://github.com/spatialos/gdk-for-unity/pull/1269)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the `targetiOSSdk` commandline argument for CI builds for selecting either `device` or `simulator` target when building iOS. [#1269](https://github.com/spatialos/gdk-for-unity/pull/1269)
```

Reviewer: Does this require an addition to docs? 

On this page https://docs.improbable.io/unity/alpha/modules/build-system/cli
